======================================================================================================================
DESCRIPTION:

MB-19143: Move the backup sha1 forward for watson beta

This commit should have been included when the manifest was initially
created.

Change-Id: I2091b43cd39e077cb849c8e0bd2a1c4b5eb8824c
======================================================================================================================
COMMENTS
======================================================================================================================
Author: Mike Wiederhold
Date: 2016-04-18 21:02:07.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 3: Commit message was updated
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Hari Kodungallur
Date: 2016-04-18 21:10:53.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 3:

I think we should get a "beta" tag added to the JIRA by Keshav.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Mike Wiederhold
Date: 2016-04-18 21:12:30.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 3:

I'll just add one if that's what you need. I know you guys are just doing whats asked of you, but my branch was created incorrectly. This change went in last Friday afternoon and was not included.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Mike Wiederhold
Date: 2016-04-18 21:13:34.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 3:

And this is because Keshav did not notify component owners of when the branch would be created.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Hari Kodungallur
Date: 2016-04-18 21:15:04.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 3: Code-Review+2

> I'll just add one if that's what you need. I know you guys are just
 > doing whats asked of you, but my branch was created incorrectly.
 > This change went in last Friday afternoon and was not included.

I don't think it is needed from our side. This will generate a new build and I am pretty sure Keshav and Raju will ask what went in. So I guess it will just better to let them know in advance. Thats all.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Mike Wiederhold
Date: 2016-04-18 21:18:27.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 3:

Ok. I will. Sorry if my answer was a bit terse. I'm just a little bit ticked off since I complained to Keshav about the fact that he did not notifying people about when branching would take place for the dp and I was again not notified.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Hari Kodungallur
Date: 2016-04-18 21:24:28.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 3:

> Ok. I will. Sorry if my answer was a bit terse. I'm just a little
 > bit ticked off since I complained to Keshav about the fact that he
 > did not notifying people about when branching would take place for
 > the dp and I was again not notified.

Not a problem. I wasn't ticked off at all.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Mike Wiederhold
Date: 2016-04-18 22:19:51.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 3: Verified-1

Holding until Keshav and Raju approve.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
