======================================================================================================================
DESCRIPTION:

Pre Bug 571101: minor refactoring to simplify code


Change-Id: Ie9f7866242306589e28de478735151dba18865fc
Signed-off-by: Hannes Wellmann <wellmann.hannes1@gmx.net>

======================================================================================================================
COMMENTS
======================================================================================================================
Author: Hannes Wellmann
Date: 2021-02-10 19:24:28.000000000
Message: 
Uploaded patch set 1.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Platform Bot
Date: 2021-02-10 19:24:57.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://ci.eclipse.org/platform/job/Report-freeze-dates-to-Gerrit/1936/ 

Checking whether Eclipse project is currently in stabilitzation/code-freeze period...
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Platform Bot
Date: 2021-02-10 19:25:00.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://ci.eclipse.org/platform/job/Report-freeze-dates-to-Gerrit/1936/ : Eclipse project is currently not in a code-freeze period. You can merge today if the change meets all other merge criteria.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: PDE Bot
Date: 2021-02-10 19:55:42.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://ci.eclipse.org/pde/job/eclipse.pde.ui-Gerrit/3162/ : SUCCESS
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Mickael Istria
Date: 2021-02-12 14:17:48.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)
Line:147, apitools/org.eclipse.pde.api.tools/src/org/eclipse/pde/api/tools/internal/ApiAnalysisApplication.java -> We should use this extraction as an opportunity to get a proper return type here; and also move the printing to caller (start) or someplace else.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Hannes Wellmann
Date: 2021-02-16 09:05:41.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)
Line:147, apitools/org.eclipse.pde.api.tools/src/org/eclipse/pde/api/tools/internal/ApiAnalysisApplication.java -> Sure. Do you think of a IStatus Object that contains corresponding Error and/or Warning statues for all Markers?
I can check if the resulting printout is suitable.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Mickael Istria
Date: 2021-02-18 09:18:18.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)
Line:147, apitools/org.eclipse.pde.api.tools/src/org/eclipse/pde/api/tools/internal/ApiAnalysisApplication.java -> Yes, I think a Status would be good.
It could even be a "MultiStatus" so we can have 1 status entry for the ERRORs and 1 for the WARNINGs.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Hannes Wellmann
Date: 2021-03-10 18:59:22.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)

Sorry for responding so late.
Line:147, apitools/org.eclipse.pde.api.tools/src/org/eclipse/pde/api/tools/internal/ApiAnalysisApplication.java -> I even thought about a MultiStatus that has one child for ERRORs and one for WARNINGs and those two again have children for each marker.

But I will have a look what also prints nicely on the console.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Alexander Kurtakov
Date: 2021-07-22 14:32:05.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

What is the status here ?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Hannes Wellmann
Date: 2021-07-22 15:14:46.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

> Patch Set 1:
> 
> What is the status here ?

The actual issue addressed with the follow-up slipped down on my priority list and implementing p2-repositories for the IDE as well takes more time I don't have at the time. But I'm still willing to work on this later. But if somebody else wants to take over to complete it earlier I'm also fine.

However I can complete this preliminary clean-up within the next days.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Lars Vogel
Date: 2021-07-30 07:53:27.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

Hannes, can you finish this one also?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Hannes Wellmann
Date: 2021-07-30 20:20:50.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

> Patch Set 1:
> 
> Hannes, can you finish this one also?

Yes I can, but unfortunately not before the second week of August.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Lars Vogel
Date: 2021-09-18 14:22:35.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

> Patch Set 1:
> 
> > Patch Set 1:
> > 
> > Hannes, can you finish this one also?
> 
> Yes I can, but unfortunately not before the second week of August.

Any update here planned, Hannes?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Hannes Wellmann
Date: 2021-09-19 18:35:43.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

> Patch Set 1:
> 
> > Patch Set 1:
> > 
> > > Patch Set 1:
> > > 
> > > Hannes, can you finish this one also?
> > 
> > Yes I can, but unfortunately not before the second week of August.
> 
> Any update here planned, Hannes?

Sorry for the delay. I'm planning to resolve this one as soon as I have completed my other two pending PDE Gerrits for Bug 539637 and Bug 575419.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Lars Vogel
Date: 2022-01-27 10:41:20.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

This is needs manual rebase.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Alexander Kurtakov
Date: 2022-03-15 07:07:34.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

Is there still interest in this one or it should be abandoned?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Hannes Wellmann
Date: 2022-03-15 07:14:17.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

> Patch Set 1:
> 
> Is there still interest in this one or it should be abandoned?

Actually I do want to complete it. It just has low priority and other things with higher priority are constantly coming in.
But I will try harder to make this ready.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Alexander Kurtakov
Date: 2022-03-15 07:29:28.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

> Patch Set 1:
> 
> > Patch Set 1:
> > 
> > Is there still interest in this one or it should be abandoned?
> 
> Actually I do want to complete it. It just has low priority and other things with higher priority are constantly coming in.
> But I will try harder to make this ready.

I would kindly request to not start new things but rather finish things so we open the door for migration to github. We can't do it while we have so many pending things in Gerrit.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Hannes Wellmann
Date: 2022-03-15 07:35:50.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

> Patch Set 1:
> 
> > Patch Set 1:
> > 
> > > Patch Set 1:
> > > 
> > > Is there still interest in this one or it should be abandoned?
> > 
> > Actually I do want to complete it. It just has low priority and other things with higher priority are constantly coming in.
> > But I will try harder to make this ready.
> 
> I would kindly request to not start new things but rather finish things so we open the door for migration to github. We can't do it while we have so many pending things in Gerrit.

Understand that. I'm holding back.
Is there already a date when the migration should took place?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Alexander Kurtakov
Date: 2022-03-15 07:53:17.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

Once there is not too much content in gerrit to be migrated to PRs. I personally aim for less than 10 open gerrits, preferably even 5.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Vikas Chandra
Date: 2022-03-30 15:57:14.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)
File Comment: /PATCHSET_LEVEL -> any update here?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Hannes Wellmann
Date: 2022-03-30 20:59:53.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)
File Comment: /PATCHSET_LEVEL -> I'll try to conplete this tomorrow. If I won't be able to complete this (which is not unlikely) I'll abandon this by tomorrow evening and continue on GH.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Vikas Chandra
Date: 2022-03-31 06:54:14.000000000
Message: 
Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)
File Comment: /PATCHSET_LEVEL -> thanks Hannes
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
